IDEAS: 


State somewhere how we will be going crazy in depth here but at the end of the day you don't want to overthink it and making any video is better than no video but we just want to give them all the information needed into making it a good video 
 
Intro


It’s now time to dive deep into advertising, the main driving force to making money with dropshipping. And trust me, Dom and I will not be holding anything back and although it may be long if put into action what we are about to teach can genuinely change your life. And I say that so confidently because when I look back at all the skills I've learned and used with dropshipping, although you do need to know how to find products and build a store, the ability to make videos and advertisements is by far what has made me the most money over the years. And not only just for dropshipping if you let's say want to create an app one day being able to make videos is how you will launch that. If in a few years you want to do what we do and teach dropshipping well you're gonna need to know how to make videos but more importantly advertise through them the right ways. Which for dropshipping itself there are 2 main ways to do advertising. 


The 2 types of advertising


You have organic advertising and paid advertising. Organic is where you are posting short form videos and content of your product to platforms such as TikTok, Instagram Reels, and Youtube Shorts. The general idea of this and what we are about to teach is how to make content that is prone to go viral around your specific product. Which if you remember with the flying spinner product, I explained I did $150k in 3 months without spending a single cent on ads. This was through organic advertising and me posting simple 15-20 second videos of the product to all these platforms. Now paid advertising. This is where you are taking a video or ad and paying a platform such as tiktok to push it out as a sponsored post. Which I'm sure you have seen before on your feed. The overall idea behind paid ads is if you are selling a $25 product and buying it from your supplier for $10, that is $15 in profit. So you technically have $15 to spend on ads to get an order and be profitable. And these are the most basic explanations I could give but I just wanted to give you an idea of the 2 before we dive into them. This first section will be all about organic advertising so let me break down why you would choose one of these advertising methods over the other. 


Which you should choose


The 2 main factors in choosing which advertising method you go with is your budget and your time frame/time constraints. Organic does take more time to do but you can start with basically $0 because you are posting these videos for free and all you have to pay for is the product from either your supplier or amazon so you can start filming with it. Paid advertising on the other hand isn't something I would recommend to someone who doesn't have $500-$1000 they can comfortably spend on ads when first testing. And although it does take time to manage and launch the ads upfront, day to day there is less effort needed. And what's cool is the potential for both methods to make you large amounts of money is just about equal. So for younger students I have taught who come to me with $50-100 of course I'm going to tell them to start with organic and build their way up from there. While on the other hand older students who let's say work a job themselves so money isn't an issue but they have less time I would point them in the direction of paid ads. But hear me out, even if someone came to me and said time is not an issue and money isn't either I would still tell them to start with organic. This is exactly what I did and the reason I say that is based on the skills you learn from organic that can then translate and accelerate your success with paid ads. As I said earlier, learning how to make content and videos is the biggest skill you can have. So doing that first, making some money from it, and then utilizing paid advertising from there with profits you already made to me is the bulletproof plan to success in dropshipping. When running paid ads you are still creating a video to run as an ad which makes everything I'm about to go over kind of intertwine together for the two ways of advertising. On top of that one of the best strategies is once you start having videos perform well through organic of your product, you then take those videos and start putting some money behind them. This is because we already know it's a good piece of content that gets sales so hypothetically if it goes to more people more and more sales will come naturally. Dom and I both got our start in dropshipping through organic so sure maybe we are a bit biased but on top of that after teaching hundreds of students the success rate we have seen of those who start with organic is higher and follows that same pattern. Now like I said a second ago the potential to make big money from either is about equal. And starting with organic this stems from having videos go viral. If you have a video that gets lets say a million views, which may sound like a lot but following what we are about to teach it is very probable, this will typically generate anywhere from 1-5 thousand dollars in revenue. Could be higher or lower of course based on the product and video but to realize that money just appears from you filming a product on your phone and posting it for free is crazy. And that's why you hear stories of people legit going from nothing to thousands in profit overnight sometimes. And when broken down making a viral video is simple but I will never say it is easy because there is work that goes into it. And now the potential with paid ads really comes when you find a profitable ad creative or campaign. From there you can scale that to the point of making thousands a day consistently. If an ad is profitable at a $100 budget and from that you profit $100, there isn't much stopping you from setting it to a $1,000 budget and profiting $1000 and so on. So the main goals with the two are to either have a video go viral or find a profitable ad and from there the money will follow. And if this quick explanation has gotten confusing at any point don't worry because that's what this section is all about. Giving you the overall idea of the components to advertising and then going as in depth as we can on them. Profit margins are also another thing to consider when comparing the two. Earlier I shared the example of selling a product for $25, buying it for $10, and profiting $15. Well with organic since you aren't spending any money to advertise that $15 is all yours in profit. But with paid ads your advertising costs then cuts into that $15. So with organic you may see lower numbers on the screen in revenue but your profit is typically 50% or more of that. And with paid ads you may reach some crazier numbers in revenue since you can run these ads at such a high scale but on average profit margins are more around 20-30%. Again always depending on the product and video/ad. And it's not like you just have to pick either one, as honestly the way I have made the most amount of money is by combining the two for one product. Create amazing videos on the organic side and run profitable ads all leading to the same store allowing you to make serious money. So as I stated before, both of these methods are intertwined when it comes to making videos and my favorite way is to go from organic to paid ads so that's the way we plan to teach it. First diving into organic and the inside and outs of how to make viral and high converting videos. And then in the next section showing how to take these video creation skills and turn them into profitable ads. 


Layout and overview of this section


This starts by first showing you the fundamentals of a viral video and explaining these platforms we will be posting on. Then revealing how the algorithm itself works on these platforms so we can “hack” it. Showing you good and bad videos for products from others along with ourselves so you can see it first hand and learn from what worked and avoid what doesn’t. Share how to make content consistently and out of anything or any product. How to film and edit a video which we will actually be doing live in front of you. Covering important things you must know before posting. What to do when you have a viral video and how to scale further past that. How to target the us if you are dropshipping internationally and so so much more in between. 


Organic 101


Starting with the basics or what I like to call Organic 101. So you've heard me talk about having videos go viral but I realize it's important to touch on how we turn these views into dollars. And it's simply by directing viewers to our website from the video typically by having a link placed in our bio. What is nice is that as dropshipping and selling products on these platforms has grown, people have gotten more and more accustomed to knowing if they want to buy it the website is typically always in the bio. It's kind of just a general thing consumers have picked up on especially as almost every big influencer has some sort of link shared in their bio. Not always to a website in their case but people watching videos almost always realize if they want more info on what's in the video your profile or your bio is the best place to get it. Plus your bio, which we will be showing shortly, will always be setup telling them to click the link if they want to get one. On top of that it's always good to respond to comments asking where to get it because that's another place viewers go when they want to figure something out. So the funnel from organic is video to your website to purchase. Now on top of that it's important to understand what platforms we will actually be posting on and why. Starting with tiktok, this is where the whole “organic dropshipping” term stems from, and is really the reason Instagram reels and youtube shorts are even a thing. At first this was the only platform we would focus on because it was so much more powerful and brought way more views. And while it still is very powerful these other platforms have basically caught up to speed which for us only makes organic even easier and more lucrative. Instead of just posting one video and having one chance to go viral we can now take that one video and disperse it through all platforms giving it basically 3 separate lives. And I'm sure more platforms over the next few years will start to arise in which we can capitalize on but tiktok, instagram reels, and youtube shorts are the big 3 where almost all the attention online is going to. And although things like where you put your website and have your bio is different on the 3, the algorithms all work fairly the same which is why if one video goes viral on tiktok odds are it will perform well on instagram too. So now that you know the overall basics of how organic works and where we will be posting it's time to talk about what actually makes a video go viral. 


Fundamentals of a viral video


The first thing you need to understand and always remember when making videos is that there is always something that makes a video go viral. Like we will be doing shortly if we look into any viral video there is always something we can pull from it that sparked that virality. Some people claim it is luck but one thing I always keep in mind is that luck is simply just when preparation and timing meet. Meaning yes, technically the timing of when one of your videos goes viral can be seen as luck but by making viral content every time we are creating our own luck. Sometimes you might make the best video possible and it will flop but you need to know that with enough time of making these videos preparation will meet with timing and it will go viral. On top of that this is proven through us seeing many times that once you do have a video go viral once, if you recreate it in a similar way with a similar script it typically performs well again. This is what we call rinsing and repeating which is a lesson in itself we will be going over shortly. So you now know going viral is more of a skill than pure luck, but what actually is it that's making something go viral? Well the first and most common theme for a viral video is striking some sort of emotion in the viewer. You need them to feel something when watching your video. This has many layers to it because there are so many emotions that us humans can feel. Your video could make them angry which leads them to comment and engage with the post. It could be funny which leads them to like, save, and share it with someone. It could even be confusing which then leads the viewer to have to watch the whole video through to understand it. And whether you go with any of these emotions it really depends on what you are trying to sell. If you are selling let's say for example this stuffed animal which breathes in and out to calm people down. You wouldn't just want to make a video explaining its features and how soft it is. But instead create a heartfelt story about how a loved one suffered with anxiety and falling asleep so you cured that for them with this stuffed animal BECAUSE of its features. Or you could even take the angle about how a loved one lost their dog and has trouble sleeping without it, so you got this product to sooth them and make them feel safe as if it's their lost pet. Now for example if you are selling something like dom and I did a few years ago similar to these height boosting insoles. You wouldn't want to take the sad approach and tell a heartwarming story but instead start a debate on how if women can wear makeup men can wear these. This is called creating controversy and in my opinion it is the easiest way to spark up emotions in a video. The idea is that by starting a debate you are leading people to argue with each other in the comments. The more comments you get the more engagement you get which then leads a video to get pushed out more and more. So for this example we are tapping into anger for some and a problem solved for others. Tall guys will be pissed off and short guys may be relieved and happy there is a product that can solve the height issue for them. So making people feel some type of way while including this controversy is a bulletproof plan to going viral. Which honestly doesn't even have to be this extreme as controversy can be created by the smallest things. Controversy might even come from the stuffed animal if people start debating on if it could even help. A viral video really does have many emotions tied to it. You could even say the height boosting insoles are confusing to look at and understand and also funny to some which like I said above leads to longer watch times and shares. Which is why it is so important to put yourself in the shoes of a viewer and try to figure out how to make them feel whatever you are trying to portray. And not even focusing on dropshipping if you see a highlight of your favorite sports team you will feel some type of way. If you see a cooking tutorial you will feel educated and likely save it so you can try it later. If you see maybe one of our videos showing our journey dropshipping you might feel inspired and just ready to take action. Or it could be simply just a clip from some streamer of a funny moment that makes you laugh, save the video, and share with a friend. And of course selling products is different than just straight up content but I do believe these overarching themes of emotions stand true. Like the cooking example for some products just educating them on it and its benefits makes them feel enough to stick around for the whole video. And maybe you are selling some supplement or health product where through what you are teaching them you can strike fear and urgency into them so they will feel like they need your product. So it is key to remember that people watch videos online to feel something, this again could be happy, sad, angry, literally anything that would make it worth not scrolling past. How to actually do these things with your product and why it is so important will be talked about more when we go over how algorithms work but first I want to cover the general setup of a viral video. 


General setup of a viral video


The setup of almost all viral videos really isn't too complex but the way we do these things for dropshipping is where I will be going in depth. So as you may know the video always starts with your hook. Then comes the meat of your video which is where you add value to the viewer or a demonstration of whatever it is about. Then you close it out with your call to action or cta hoping to lead the viewer into doing whatever the goal behind the video is. So let's dive into the hook and why it is debatably the most important part to a video. Forget everything else about the video because if you can't hook the viewer in they won't even get to see whatever else you have to show. And there is truly no time to waste here because of how fast people scroll through videos on these platforms. You need to be able to break this pattern and do, show, or say something that hooks them in. The way I look at a hook is in 2 forms, your visual hook and your auditorial hook, and it's best to do the 2 simultaneously. You want to attract the viewer in by what you are showing and by what you are saying. And this can be carried heavily by the product you choose which dom talked about how you can have a visually appealing product. The example he gave were the led curtains which is one of those products you can hook someone in by just showing off how cool it looks. But not every product has to be like this and if it naturally looks “boring” you can instead have that same effect with your words or the text on the video. So generally speaking for any product you want to show its best features or uses in the first 2-5 seconds. While also in those 2-5 seconds be bold and say something that might catch them off guard. In one of my youtube videos I used this video I made of the folding duffle bag for an example of this because although it is just a boring duffle bag at first glance I was still able to draw them in from simply just what I was saying. Which evidently worked based on the views so let me play the first 7 seconds for you. (play hook of viral bag video) What this first claim did of big airline companies trying to ban it did was relate to them in a sense all while confusing them at the same time. Most people watching this video have flown on a big airline before and then stating that they are trying to get rid of this average looking bag made them curious to see why as it could be something that personally affects them. This caught most people's attention but the next sentence is what was really powerful about the reason behind them trying to ban it is because it saves people like me and you money. This 1 lights a fire in people and 2 places myself in their position as if it's us vs them. So claiming a big airline company which most people know and trust is trying to get rid of something that saves us money is again not only confusing but triggering and this is where those emotions people feel came into play. So after that to further keep them engaged I said that I bought one so we can test it out together. At this point they were officially hooked in mainly off my words but I do think another key factor is what they were watching was always moving. I could have just held the bag and said this but I was opening it up and throwing clothes on it to keep the brain kind of stimulated. You don't want any dead space in your hook or really at all in your video so for the person watching there is always something going on. This hook is a perfect example of confusion and controversy leading them to want to keep watching but let's dive into a few for different products. This product which is the phone case that digitally puts a photo on the back has a video with 8 million views and the hook is actually much simpler. And this one was actually carried by the comment but more than anything tapped into that confusion. So again I'll play the first 7 seconds. (play ink case video) Visually they show a phone case that looks maybe a little odd with a random white spot in the back. But the comment here saying “I dont get how this works” immediately brings in the confusion and need for anyone else watching to understand how it works. To which they then don't waste any time showing a photo and then showing it appear on the case. Visually this is an all around interesting product so they didn't have to do any “heavy lifting” through text or a voiceover. And what worked well was the fact that they turned something people were confused about into a simple guide on how it works showing off their product in an emotional way of a cute couple which relates to a ton of people. Hooks can be very stimulating like the one I did or simple like this but in general all it has to do is get the viewer to want to see what happens next. Next we have a very simple one which if someone sent me this and I couldn't see how many views it got, i honestly would have been a little iffy about it but what they did for this certain product does make sense. (play video up to transition) People first off love to see before and afters and saying something makes clouds in your room can kind of be confusing especially when they say it's from a lamp. And if someone takes the time to read this odds are they are going to wait a few more seconds to see how it does this. And the views dont lie on this as it is now over 9 million which is crazy because this looks like it was filmed in 5-10 mins. And probably led to tens of thousands of dollars in orders. This style of before and after doesn't work for any product but can be very smart for things that transition boring into cool so pretty much any led or home accessory product. Up next we have a video for this lung trainer right here. Visually speaking this product is very boring to look at and just looks like your average mouthguard. So how would you be able to hook someone in with this? Well what this person did was use something else related to the product and video which is visually appealing. (play first 4 seconds) Nasty fake lung with a claim that instills fear into alot of people about how this is caused from vaping. So he tells a problem people have then introduces the product saying he fixed this massive issue in only 5 days with his product. Visually appealing hook, problem and solution shown through a bold claim, and tons of confusion on how that little thing could fix it. This was all done in 3-4 seconds and was more than enough to stop people from scrolling which led him to get 4 million views. And now this last example I have for you is very similar to the cloud lamp. Before and after done very well. But this time less through the text and more through the sound which is basically a build up to a transition. (play 8 seconds) Saying “they're just stickers” while showing off what maybe looks like a more unique sticker makes people want to see what it actually is. The before and after. On top of that they used a good strategy of responding to hate and then showing why that hate isn't justified and their product actually is good. All while using like I said the sound people on tiktok know rises up and transitions into something else. And this is again proven, getting them over 3 million views. And although all these examples are very different they all do the one very important thing of getting people to keep watching and find out how or what happens next. On top of that basically all of them have a layer of confusion which is the core of what makes people keep watching. Once you have a good hook the rest of the video flows naturally as all you have to do is demonstrate how your product works or its cool features. In my bag video I just went on to show how it fold up and can save you money, the phone case just showed how photos appear and different examples, the lamp showed how the room looks after, the lung trainer gave a 5 day recap on how his life improved using this, and the stickers showed how cool the room looked when the sun hits them. So create a hook and then form the rest of what you show to follow your hook and answer that confusion they have. And finally at the end of the video you can either tell them where to get it, tell them to comment something, share it with someone, or simply just have them do whatever your goal for them is to do. As like I said you don't always have to tell them the link is in my bio because people on these platforms naturally are used to always checking your bio if they do want it. So it's more based on what fits for the video as you don't want to shove it down their throat but let them make the decision to buy it themselves. There used to be a theory about how saying link in bio suppresses your video although I think over time it has been proven wrong. The idea was that by saying link in bio you are taking viewers off the app which obviously these platforms don't want but we can just look at the lung trainer video that did say link in bio and still got 4 million views. So this really comes down to personal preference and I don't think it will truly hurt you if you say this. So now you are familiar with what makes a video go viral and the fundamentals on how to make it but I now want to talk about the algorithm and why these things matter.


Algorithm 101


What's nice for us is that the algorithms on these big three platforms which we will be posting on all work the same way. And they rank the certain engagement levels such as watch time, likes comments, the same way. Tiktok created this form of video consumption with their for you page and quickly instagram and youtube jumped on it introducing their versions of it. The idea is that anybody posting a video, gets that video put on the for you or explore page, and has the same fair shot at a video going viral. This is why when starting new products or dropshipping accounts we don't have to have a previous following. And it's also why you see creators with millions of followers sometimes only get a few thousand views. Followers don't mean much and it's all about the video that's getting posted because like I said each video gets ranked the same way. For example let's say I started a brand new tiktok account and posted my first video for my product. As long as the account is not glitched at the bare minimum this will get around 200 views. And what this is doing is testing your video with that small group of 200 people. If that group of 200 engages well with it, it will get shown to 200 more. If now that group of 400 engages well it'll get shown to 1000. 10,000, 100,000, and into the millions all following that same pattern. Show video to a group, does well, show to a bigger group, does well, show to a bigger group, and so on. Which to me kind of eases the mind and lets me know that if a video only gets 2-400 views it's on me and all I can do is improve on my next post. Which again relates to what I talked about how going viral inst luck. It's not like your video will immediately spawn to a million views, no, it has to work its way up to that through the algorithm. But now you may be wondering what even is the algorithm looking for in a video to make it keep getting pushed out. And although there are no official statements on this from the platforms from data we can see that the #1 thing is watch time. And this makes so much sense because no matter how else they engage with the video the most true sign to a good video is if someone actually watches it through. On top of that this keeps people on the platforms longer making them more money in the long run. Related to watch times which I'd say is in the same category is replays. Because if someone watches it twice that makes the watch time technically double and is direct proof of it being a banger video. Which is really why things like crazy sports highlights go so viral, people are watching them over and over to understand what happened. The way the algorithms rank watch time does depend on the length of the video. Which I wish we could have the exact percentages and stats on this but if a video is only 10 seconds you need a viewer to basically watch the whole thing. Although if it is a minute they likely only have to watch 20-30 seconds for it to be categorized the same. But overall if you are making a good entertaining piece of content people will watch it. After watch time for things being the most important in my opinion comes comments. Comments are proof that people are interacting and have something actually to say about the video. Which no matter if good or bad they get ranked the same. And this is where that controversy I have been talking so much about comes into play. For someone to take the time out of their day and leave a comment on your video you have to make them feel some type of way. As you can probably pick up all these things are tied together as earlier I stated the main factor in a viral video is making someone feel something. So creating controversy is basically manufacturing these feelings of anger or debate. Common examples of this could be making purposeful mistakes, saying bold claims, giving misleading statements or answers (acting dumb), Touching on hot topics pretty much anything relevant and debatable, mispronouncing something obvious, a weird noise in the background, saying something sus (which we will touch on why you don't want to go too far with this), or putting something weird in the background or with the product on purpose. This is mainly called comment bait and for examples it's the main reason I put a fire extinguisher, potted plant, and lotion with toilet paper in the duffle bag. Because it brought hundreds of comments that I'll pop up on the screen which I baited in. On top of that comments that talk about how good the product is obviously are a very good look but a lot of the time you also want to respond to the hate comments. Because proving someone wrong is an amazing way to start controversy and keep people watching till the end. So if i'm in the process of trying to create a good video, I'm first thinking how I can keep them entertained so i have good watch time and how I can spark them to comment/feel something. Another important thing to keep in the back of your head is if your video is sharable. Because if someone is sharing a video to a friend you are basically getting 2 views for the “price” of one. When Dom and I sold the height boosting insoles we would always say something in the caption of share this with a short friend or tag a short king who needs these. Not only would they both watch it but most would start talking to each other in our comment section either getting mad at eachother or laughing about it. As shares usually come from something being funny and worth showing a friend too. Now of course you also have likes and saves which to me I don't focus on the most because with a good video they come naturally and with products a lot of people will save the video and plan to buy it at a later time. Telling someone to go like the video or save it really doesn't do much and again with any good video they will do this anyway. The typical like to view ratio we see is 10%. So if a video gets 1,000 views it should have at least 100 likes but the reason we know likes don't matter the most is because I've had some get 1,000 views and have 300 likes but just stop there. And the final form of engagement which doesn't even cross my mind in the video creation process is reposts. Tiktok has a repost feature that shows it to that person's followers and instagram people will sometimes repost it to their story. What's cool though is that if someone watches it on another person's story, meaning they don't even have to click into it, it still counts as a view for you. 100% a good thing for the algorithm to see and it will bring you more views but again it's something that just will come naturally with a good video. So that is the overall recap on how the algorithm works and what goes into having a video get pushed out. And to recap the order I focus on them is watch time, comments, shares, likes, saves, and reposts. But enough of talking about videos I think it would be super helpful for you if I actually take videos for one product and breakdown why one went viral and why the other flopped so you can learn by example. 


Viral videos of a product compared with bad videos of a product


First off I have 3 videos I want to share with you as examples for this portable blender product right here. With a little bonus too as one is a video I personally made. Starting with the bad and the video with only 300 likes. (play the whole video) The most obvious is the fact that you can't even hear w-hat they are trying to say about the product since the music is crazy loud. On top of that this hook of “things tiktok made me buy” used to be very popular but nowadays is not effective at all. Reason behind that being #1 it feel like an ad as someone is trying to sell you something and #2 nothing pulls you in or catches your attention from that. They could have at least said “this is the best thing i've bought on tiktok” to at least make you want to see why a little bit. Like imagine if the lung trainer had just said “cool health things tiktok made me buy” well nobody is going to care compared to all the fear and confusion they had with their hook. But things tiktok made me buy mixed with them already showing the coolest part of the blender at the start was a failed video already but it does get worse haha. 5 more seconds got wasted of them just unboxing it which nobody cares to see. Then they actually did start adding food and mixed it which was good and what they should have just done right off the bat. When I first watched it I thought it would end here but they just kept going on about how it's self cleaning and its cool charging feature. Which are good features you want the customer to know but there are things you should through gifs on your website and not in your actual video. Now we can have a breath of fresh air and move into a video which demonstrates this product in the right ways. On top of that it also got up to 5.5 million views which makes this very proven. (play video) Immediately I'm sure you can see the drastic difference between the two when it comes to quality, pacing, lighting, literally everything. And I'm sure you could also pick up on the style of controversy they are using for this video. The comment says do an orange, so what do they do, they do an avocado with the sticker on. And the reason this works well and doesnt hurt their reputation or chances of people buying is because it still shows off the product's features in a good way. And although there was really no insane hook, people immediately read orange and then saw an avocado which brought in that confusion. And throughout the rest of the video they wasted no time and kept it short and simple. Imagine if they then put a clip of them cleaning it, unboxing it, and charging it, it wouldn't make any sense at all. And as we come into the comments I'm sure you can guess what they are. “Take the tag off” “why'd they blend the sticker” “you have a really nice orange” and people started to pick up on this since it was so obviously not an orange and started saying things like “they said orange not ramen” “they said orange not banana” A little later in this organic course dom will talking about series style content and this as we look at their account is a sneak peak at that. The whole account is built around responding to comments that people request. And when viewers see that it makes them want to comment themselves and maybe get featured. So combining that which naturally makes people want to comment is overpowered. But more on that later. All around a high quality, controversial, quick video that 100% makes sense why it performed so well. And once I saw them performing well I hopped on it with a few videos myself. This one at 1.1 million views. (play my video) And based on what we just went over i'm sure you can guess what the comments will be. Stem. Stem. Stem. Stem. Stem because I purposefully kept them on because I knew it would trigger people and at the same time show the power of this thing as it still was able to blend it. Now other than just the comments the reason these videos do so well is because they are challenge videos made to have amazing watch times. “I bet $100 it can't blend grapes” if people read that and don't scroll they will probably be curious to see if it can to where i don't show the results until the very last second. But again more on how to create these challenge, series style videos later in the course. Next product. It is this tray for a stanley cup which is honestly not something I would personally sell but these people crushed it especially when stanley were popping off. 2.2 million views. (play good stanley video) Theres 2 reasons i really like this hook. And it did it visually and through the text. “POV: me when I say” … leaves you waiting for whatever they are about to say. Then as I mentioned these went viral when stanley cups were really trending and the fact that they put the ice cream in there which perfectly fit was satisfying. From there they wasted no time to put the tray on but this right here where they used a fork to eat it is what really sparked it. Check the comments, everyone is mentioning it. And on top of that a ton of people were tagging their friends because of the “little sweet treat” while having all that stuff was funny and related to a lot of people. And when you look at this video compared to this one with only 100 views you can also see how good their filming and lighting is. While this one (play video looking concerned) #1 doesnt really make any sense at all with the whole dark thing and barely shows off the product. People want to see the cup, then the icecream go in, then the snacks. And not just someone handing to another with all that stuff already in there. And we can just look at the first 3 seconds on both. The difference is crazy which makes it so obvious why people would scroll past one and stay for the other. This next one I'm actually going to do a comparison from 2 videos created by the same person. This makes it so there is no excuse and it's all about the content. Here's their biggest video at 1.1 million views. (play video) Perfect hook immediately showing the wow factor and scroll stopping effect of this product to which they then cut it off so people have to wait if they want to see it again. Then they show it again and show the cool features. Really no controversy at all and this video got carried by the product simply being so cool as that's what everyone was talking about in the comments. And I'm sure they didn't need a ton of comments because the watch time was so good as it was so visually appealing. On top of that they always had something new going on making not feel stale at any point. Drawing on the leds, putting them up, clicking the different features, there always should be something moving or happening in your videos. And now this same exact account a month later then posted this. (play bad video) (Count to 8 on fingers) The difference is massive and what they should have done was just rinse and repeat that video from before that went viral. I would have thought he would have learned and understood why that first one went viral and why this one is so so bad. 8 seconds of just a dark room that says “POV: waking up on valentines day” And this is a video you usually see beginners make with just one long drawn out clip and one thing of text. Which is why I wanted to point it out and compare the two so you know what a viral video looks like and what a flop looks like. I'll play both of the first 8 seconds here and the difference is insane especially as it came from the same guy who has gone viral before. Since I've gone so in depth on these three I'm sure you are starting to notice patterns form and myself saying the same things about why some are good and some are bad over and over. So now I am going to “quiz” you by showing two videos and having you guess which went viral before I tell you. 1 of them has 14 million views and the other 300 views. (Play bad neck video) (play good neck video) Now that i hope you have decided the 14 million view video was the second one. With I think the biggest reason being how much you can feel it through the video. And I'm positive this video made them so much money based on how good it looks. I personally reached for my traps after watching that and i don't even have pain there. Alot of people in the comments were also saying it scared them which probably wasn't planned but very very smart as they jump cut right into it immediately. And now the first one I showed had a very weak hook of “this is what you need to get” and just yapping throughout the whole video without showing it really squeezing until the very end. This wasn't the most obvious but I hope you were able to see that. Next we have 2 videos I want to quiz you on aswell one with 9 million views and the other only with 350 views. (play 9 million video) (play 350 video) On this I hope you saw that the first video was the one with 9 million views. And although the filming and lighting on the 350 view one was not bad the hook stood out like crazy on the 9 million view video. Which of course broke the pattern of just scrolling and caught people off guard by asking if they hate their mom. Maybe some anger and definitely confusion comes in but he also follows that up and places urgency in them because odds are they did not know when mothers day was and now have to think of a gift. To where he then solves that problem perfectly for them and introduces the necklace box he is trying to sell. He didn't even have to show the product or anything visually appealing for 11 seconds because what he was saying hooked them in itself. And what I would change on the 350 view one is add some time before showing the product doing what he did. Talk about mothers day, get their attention, and then reveal explain how they need to get a gift asap. Like i said their filming and lighting wasn't bad but the text on the top was so small and the product itself just looking at it isn't enough to hook anybody in. And these examples are so good because the product is proven to go viral although you can now see that it only will go viral depending on how you frame the video. And now for our last comparison quiz this time I am going to have 3 video examples. 1 at 6k views, 1 at 150k views, and 1 at 9 million views. Meaning two of them didn't do bad but if possible I want you to try and see what made the 9 million view video stand out and reach that massive audience. (play video 150k) (play 5k) (play 9 million) So let's start with the most obvious and worst video which was video number 2 right here at 6k views. First thing that stood out to me was the very poor lighting on this video. And although the pacing and editing was solid this type of video is not gonna appeal to a massive audience especially when you can barely even see it in that dark room. You have to just imagine someone who has no idea what your product is and has never seen it before to understand it and get the purpose like for this example of what you are setting up. If they wanted to do a tutorial of how to put it together they should have still shown the finished product in the first few seconds. The people could be like oh this is a fingerprint door lock and oh this is how its setup. Picture a million people in a room watching this video and you pause it at the 15 second mark. They will have no idea what it is and if they have the choice they would just scroll by because why would they even care how to set up something they don't know what is. And now the next best video that reached 150k views was video number 1 right here. I like the overall idea of it but where i think they went wrong was the fact that it went on for 11 seconds of someone just trying to open a door. The only thing on their side was the fact that you could see the doorknob and you could see how it wasnt opening for this random person with their finger. But I think they should have cut this section in half to make it faster paced and had the text say something like “Watch my little brother try to get in my room with my fingerprint lock” At that point everyone would know what it is and then he could transition to the good part of this video which was when he demonstrated how you can open it up on your phone. So overall not a bad idea here but because parts were slow and confusing to some it was not able to reach the millions. And now this video number 3 which did hit the millions and go viral nailed all of those things. They first introduced something so many people relate to of a sibling trying to get in their room which also mentioned in the first few seconds that it is a fingerprint lock. The viewers now know what it is and within 3 seconds he shows how it actually works with his finger. To where he also gets bonus points of having an aesthetically pleasing room with a view. Not only was it a strong hook but it introduced a problem of random people going in your room and solved that problem seamlessly with the product. (test dom with these?) I hope now through all these examples you have started to grow an eye for good content which will only keep growing and coming as you start making it yourself. BUT going viral sometimes doesn't always directly relate and convert to sales so in this next section I will be going through bad types of virality and how to find the right balance between the 2.


Examples of viral videos that don't convert and do convert


The whole idea of creating a video which actually does convert is to have that video be made for the right audience. And it's important to know that as these platforms continue to grow every single age, gender, and type of person is on them. Your feed that you see is much different than someone who lets say is very into books. So you might think that group isn't even on the platform so you can't sell a book product. But on tiktok if we just look up booktok and come to the hashtags you can see there are over 30 million posts using this hashtag. And I personally have never seen a video about books before but that equates to hundreds of millions of people watching those videos. So if you were selling a product for example to moms you wouldn't want to use normal slang that teenagers use but create videos in their voice. Now the biggest example I want to share for this section of videos going viral for the wrong reason is when they are too “sus”. I mean just look at this example. 99 million views. (play airpod video) And I don't remember the exact stats but the person who made this video shared that they only made a few hundred dollars maybe a thousand from this. When usually as you know, that should have been hundreds of thousands if you had a video go viral with these views for the right reasons. This is because it was attracting the wrong audience of mainly little kids who don't care about the product they showed at the end at all. And while these “sus” videos get views the easiest when dropshipping if you aren't getting sales from those views it doesn't matter at all. There is a quote I've seen someone share where if in doubt sus it out. And this is because you can see an account skyrocket in views just by doing something sus but when you look at their shopify sales nothing skyrockets at all. The little kid audience can't buy your product because they don't have money or a credit card so why would you want them watching your videos. Another example of this is my buddy who runs a very large account selling golf balls. When starting he would say things like “blue balls” and “how I clean my balls” and they were going stupid viral but you have to think about who is actually buying golf balls. It's not the kids who watch those videos and think they are funny but the older audience who plays golf. Which is where he then made a pivot to more serious but still entertaining content and this reflected so clearly in the sales. Like this video right here at 3 million views he still used that best way to clean balls but did it in a very serious and informative manner that gave the business a good look. (Play video) Rather than turning it super sus he only used that hook which catches people off guard and then went into the serious side of the content. So yes it is ok to say certain sus or bold things like this to hook people in but it can't be what your whole video is about. Truly a balance in between the two. If he had just said the three steps to cleaning golf balls nobody would have cared but this mixture allowed for a large audience to see it and golfers to still take it seriously. It's like what I said earlier about acting dumb and making it feel like you had no idea what you said was sus which is why comments like “oh i thought this was a different tutorial” came up. So now you can see what videos do not convert well but even though we have been through some I want to share some bangers that I know made bank so you can grow your eye for content even more. Starting with the first person who brought the folding duffle bag onto tiktok. Over 27 million views on this video. (play viral duffle bag video) The reason I know this converted so well is because all they did in the video was show how good the bag is. No fluff, not really any controversy, and it simply went viral because of how eye-catching this bag was with their stop motion type edits. On top of that the hook was solid calling our women directly and it's almost a trend for things to now be “made for women” This made the viewers feel special in a way and the comments are all the proof we need that people loved it. I wont read them all out but just these top comments alone are all hyping it up with hundreds of thousands of likes. No doubt they had some $10-20k days when this was first going viral. Next we have this turtle pillow with 22 million views. (play turtle video) With the biggest part to this being when they posted this video. About a week before christmas so anyone who is looking for a last minute gift was able to see that their girlfriend would want it too. Check the comments, all people saying they need one, and it shows a reaction they would want their girl to have too if they got it. Perfect timing, with a perfect product, all while showing it off in the best way possible. And the amount of people tagging their friends or boyfriends shows that this angle of the girl friend not taking it off worked well and had a funny feel to it. Again 100% did crazy numbers in sales around that time. Now we have a product from the website reviews we did of the floating wine bottle holder with 70 MILLION VIEWS. (play wine video) If you haven't seen these before it is a classic angle dropshippers use of showing a prototype vs the product. What this does is 1 cause for very long watch times because people always want to see what the prototype turns into. And 2 adds to the wow factor because you show something that's kind of boring or confusing and then show your amazing product and how much better it is. Sounds are key with this angle because people know to wait until the basedrop for it to transition to in this example they then show their already insanely eye catching and confusing product. “My brain isn't braining” and “my brain doesn't understand” are perfect proof of this confusion which leads people to repeat the video over and over to try and figure it out. And what most videos of this style do is show something completely random for the prototype like this video (show calculator video on screen) of him just taping paper to the phone and then transitioning to the product. Rather than what the wine holder did by showing a different product first and then theirs. Why this works so well is because right off the bat it is crazy confusing to where you then answer that confusion with your product. I've gone viral multiple times using the prototype vs product so it's good to keep this one in your content playbook. Next we have these can covers which got almost 9 million views with such a simple video based on how viral their product is itself. (play can video and speed up after milk) All he had to do was show the product on the cans and from them being intrinsically funny it went viral. Controversy was naturally added from the ones he showed at the end but on top of that for people who want to let's say drink on the beach these are actually very useful. Plus a great gag gift and things to pull out at a party to get some laughs. This video took him 5 mins to film and no doubt made him thousands of dollars from that small amount of work. Which is what you will learn as some products can carry the video themselves so less work is needed on your end trying to craft the controversy yourself. And now lastly we have a video example of one that did take more thought and time but got 6 million views regardless. (play alpha grind video) I assume you already know why this hook did so well based on the AI photos they were showing but the story telling of the tribe using black maca was done perfectly. And the way they explained it made it feel like a secret and something that is hard to get which they then at the very end of the video show the product which does in fact include that. From these examples you can see that some take time and a ton of thought to make while others you just have to take out your phone and show the product. But what they all do is show off the product in a good light while having some sort of controversy or crazy feature that leads people to 1 want the product and 2 engage with the video. But one last example that got 15 million views is missing that want for the product and from what i've heard from people in the space it converted so badly. Like only a few hundred dollars from all those views. (play pou video) These pou stuffed animals went on a run getting hundreds of millions of views for people but brought in no orders because the only reason people are watching these videos is for the story and idea behind it and not the product. People love the pou and think it is so funny and relatable but why would anyone actually want to have it? All they want to do is watch the videos to be entertained but getting your own wouldn't be that cool and solves no problem for anyone. So maybe it would have converted better if the video was giving the pou to your girlfrien55d but again this is why choosing a product people actually want to buy is so important. There are so many ways to go viral with pretty much any product as you  can see but at the end of the day if you aren't making money there is no point to go viral. 


Examples of our personal viral videos and why they did well


From the viral video examples I just shared with you as you know a few of those videos were ones I personally made. Although there's 2 accounts Dom and I want to dive deeper into and show what videos did well and how we were able to consistently go viral on them time and time again. The first being the flying spinner product I have mentioned multiple times now. And the reason I want to share this one specifically is because it all happened when I was still learning content myself. This was my first time really going viral so seeing how I managed that I think could be super useful to you for when it happens to yourself. Which if you do want the full story on why I started, how much it made, and why I stopped after this course just go checkout my youtube video on it. But since this is the organic section I'm going to be talking just about the videos. As you can see the account has 138,000 followers now and tens of millions of views.  With these 6 right here that I have highlighted and want to go over. The whole strategy I had around this account was series style/challenge videos. Almost every single video was me responding to comments of someone telling me to try something with the spinner or answering some sort of question. Like I mentioned earlier what this does is cause for comments and engagement to come naturally as people wanted me to try their challenge. And the first trend I caught onto was responding to hate comments of people saying ____ is better than the spinner. To which I would then compare it to my product and show why they are wrong like this one here at 5.3 million views. (play rock vs spinner) This simple little video of me just laying on the floor brought thousands in sales so I just kept repeating it like this one at 2.2 million views (play tennis ball video) Such a similar script and the reason this performed so well is because people naturally want to debate in the comments. But not only that but visually in the video I make the spinner look way better, because it is, leading them to want one themselves. And i'll be completely honest with you, there were less people dropshipping back then meaning it was easier to go viral but the overall tendencies of why a video does go viral has stayed the same. You can see I was still practicing a good confusing hook and controversy to lead this video to get views. And now this was another spin off of that where I compared the ball spinner vs mine at 4 million views (play ball spinner) Same thing, compare one object or product vs mine and show why my product is preferred. And even though this “after our spinners went viral” hook wasn't the strongest, the product itself is very visually appealing and confusing about how it flies back to my hand so easily. So once I had that first video blow up with this style I just kept rinsing and repeating it because almost every time I would do it, it got views. Which theres are tons of others like this in the hundreds of thousands I didn't even show here. But the next “trend” I caught onto was how almost every time I would use it outside those videos would do better than the average with this being the first at 1.6 million views. (play is it real video) Someone trying to prove my product wrong and me proving them wrong by using it outside. This one I won't play but at 1.1 million views it was very similar just using the hook of someone saying they are homeless and can't use it inside. And the third one I did with this got 5 million views which was when my eyes really opened up to “the art” of recreating videos that have done well in the past. (play go to space video) Again, replying to a comment, acting like it wont work, and then proving them wrong. And for the rest of my journey on this account I just kept doing the same thing. Once you find an angle that works well, it's important to keep trying new things, but don't stop repeating those because if it goes viral once odds are it will go viral again. I truly think a lot of my success with this product came from that and the way i voiced over my videos but on top of that I had a product that was interactive and cool to look at. So a lot of these lessons in teaching are things that I learned from this account and dom and I further proved them when we came together selling these height boosting insoles. We went crazy viral with these although two times at the end it for the wrong reasons so i want to share that as a lesson. For about two weeks we posted without getting much traction until this day March 28th we cracked two viral formats we would use and make a ton of money from for months to come. The first being this right here on the screen of “day 1 of wearing these around my friends” and this right here saying “everyones confused when i wear these”. (Show videos on the screen with the amount of views they got when I don't play them) So the following day we tried those 2 video angles again and they both popped off again. The first right here with 2.7 million views which was literally the exact same video filmed in a different place. And this one with 700k views saying everyone looked at me differently using the same song and same angles of filming as the first day. At this point we were like ok, everytime we post a video in these two styles they overperform so why would we ever stop. We ran with the day _ of wearing these around my friends for a while but soon saw that “everyones confused” angle was the true winner. Especially when this one right here got 5 million views. (play everyone's confused big video) Then this 2 million views (play pool video) and this at 3.6 million views (play girlfriend confused video) Throughout this course I have been talking so much about adding confusion in your hooks and through this we were basically able to manually place that confusion on them too by saying everyone is confused. On top of that the following clips worked wonders because it showed how much they did increase your height while bringing in controversy of where we marked the lines. Bottom of the tape here, top of the tape here. Massive gap between the shoe and foot. Massive gap in between the shoe and foot which you can see the reaction to all of that in the comments. To which we also closed out this video saying tag a short friend who needs these which as you know only adds to the comments and amount of views you are getting. It's literally what I explained at the start, hook - demonstration - call to action. And as you saw from those examples we weren't just saying the same thing every time but using that viral format in new ways like the pool, girlfriend, everyone at school. You should be reusing what went viral but also reinventing the ways you say it to keep it fresh and new. So throughout our whole journey with this product we were posting 4 videos a day. 2 were usually recreations of something that went viral and the 2 were new ideas we would test out. Which eventually we had another angle catch on based off the marking the tape thing we did in the prior videos. This one at 1.7 million views. (play make no difference video) As you can see it included that controversy again of where we put the lines from the tape and we threw in a little joke at the end of 4 inches being enough. Now at this point I know you can probably already guess what i'm gonna show next that same format performing well again at 776k views. (play video) It's the same exact framework of demonstrating the tape and putting the shoe on and at the end adding some sort of joke. Which I hope you caught was going from 5’12 to 6’4. (show comments of these jokes) And as ironic as it is, our most viral video on this account was one we made as a joke when we knew we were already moving on to another product. Which like the too sus examples I gave earlier this one showed off the product in a bad light which led to literally only a few sales from those views. (Play 6 million video) Yeah we literally made fun of our product showing what it would be like in low tops at the highest setting. “Ur dissing your own product” had 26,000 likes and everyone watching who maybe did want them now would feel embarrassed because people are talking bad about them online. Making them scared that would happen to them in real life as well if they bought them. And it's worth mentioning because the amount of people tagging their friends on this post was absurd. Why? Because it was funny and a simple joke they would poke at their friends, which was definitely a factor in this going so viral. In our heads we were done with this product but we decided to rinse and repeat that one last time but try to make some more money out of it this time. So we got the same setup, same text, but this time made the claim that it is the same as girls wearing makeup that got 1.4 million views. (play 1.4 video) This converted a bit better but still nothing compared to our old videos where everything we showed was encouraging people to buy and showing them in a good way. So even though we created these as jokes it's important to remember that sacrificing the look of your product is never worth getting views because once you do get those views you will be bummed you didn't show off your product in a good way. Through these accounts we both learned the importance of recreating viral frameworks which has now carried us to do hundreds of millions of views across many other products and videos. So I hope through this organic section so far you were able to learn why videos go viral and start to grow an eye for how good content is made. But I'm going to be passing the torch over to dom for the rest of it where he will be covering a few more key lessons but most importantly doing live video creations with you.